DOMESTIC SHIPPING

Deliveries within Lagos take 1-3 working days while deliveries outside Lagos but within Nigeria take 4-6 working days.



INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING

All international orders are trackable. Delivery time for international orders is 5-10 working days after order placement.



RETURN POLICY

We want to ensure that you are completely satisfied with your purchase, so we have developed a comprehensive return policy to make the process as easy and seamless as possible.



Our return policy allows you to return any item within these timelines:

* 3 business days from the date of delivery within Lagos.

* 5 business days from the date of delivery for orders placed within Nigeria but outside Lagos.

* 10 business days from the date of delivery for orders shipped outside Nigeria.



The item(s) must be in its original condition, unworn, unwashed, and with all tags and accessories 
attached. If you received a damaged or defective item, please contact us as soon as possible so we can make it right.



To initiate a return, please follow these steps:

1. Contact us via the website, email or phone to let us know that you would like to make a return. Please provide your order number and the reason for the return.

2. Pack the item(s) securely in its original packaging, including all tags and accessories.

3. Ship the item(s) back to us using a traceable method. Please note that we cannot be responsible for lost or damaged packages and customers shall bear the entire cost of deliveries.



Once we receive the item(s) and verify that it is in its original condition, we will issue a refund to your original payment method within 48 hours. Please note that it may take up to 5-10 business days for the refund to appear on your account. We will not make a refund or exchange for items that are not physically in our possession.



Refunds are issued minus the cost of shipping via the same payment gateway the item(s) were paid for.



The re-delivery fee is the same cost as the initial shipping fee charged when the item was first ordered.



We do not offer refunds for exchanged items. Additionally, we only allow items to be exchanged or returned once. We also cannot guarantee that the item you would like to exchange will be available in your preferred size and colour. If the item is out of stock, we will offer a store credit for the amount of the original purchase that will be eligible for use at a later time.



Item(s) bought on sale or with a discount code will NOT be eligible for a refund or exchange regardless of the circumstance. ONLY FULL PRICE items qualify for a refund or exchange.



We reserve the right to refuse any return that does not meet our return policy requirements.



RETURN ADDRESS:

16, Oremeji Avenue, off Bamishile Street, Egbeda, Lagos State, Nigeria. Postcode 102213.

If you have any questions or concerns about our return policy, please do not hesitate to contact us. We are always happy to help!

Contact: +2348052200994 or email: info@glitzabellelabel.com or glitzabellelabel@gmail.com.
